			BSD LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2015, Eric S. Raymond
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

	       THE BLUE STURGEON OF DOOM

The Blue Sturgeon of Doom used on the reposurgeon website and carried
in the source tree was GIMPed from the handsome logo applied to the
the Hudson River Estuary by the New York State Department of
Environmental Conservation (NYSDEC) by removing portions identifying that
organization. If you are the artist who made that logo, we would
be delighted to put an acknowledgement to you here.

We do not claim any affiliation with or sponsorship by NYSDEC, we just
needed an image we could hack into a nifty-looking reposturgeon logo
and found this one with Google Image Search.

Our adaptation appears to conform to NYSDEC's policy as described at
http://www.dec.ny.gov/about/577.html, though perhaps not quite in any
way that NYSDEC anticipated.


